yeah
gold diamonds jewels i mean one of the
interesting things about them is that
they're kind of worthless and
psychoanalysts do a lot of stuff with
that they say really it's excrement you
know the whole point is that it's pure
waste or expenditure um
obviously they have theorists like
george bataille say that
production is useful but the domain of
consumption is basically the conspicuous
display of uselessness the more stupid
and pointless
your clothes are the more difficult they
are to wear for example
the more they display that you
rise and transcend above the domain of
production
but in that way kings become objects and
very often the kings themselves not just
their costumes are things which are
really crafted so there's a kind of
implication that the people make the
king in a lot of parts of africa for
example the um
ritual you'll use to
make a king king to inaugurate them to
enthrone them is exactly the same thing
you would do
if you're dedicating a statue or a work
of art so so
the beautiful artistic objects that
always have to surround kings and the
king themselves sort of fade into each
other
the implication is that that king
actually is produced king is a work of
art produced by the people
rather than nowadays when artists
pretend to be like kings